hello everyone so I was asked a lot
of times
how could we separate
carter of the forbid me good I'm doing
magic of the derby I could not even if
that because I never can I can
not nothing so to separate the crankcase
already you know that bearings are
mounted tight tight so that you have on
the mayet solution but hey it's not
terrible and the sea and you have
already firstly you will check
that you have removed the entire city from
looting of furniture that remains no
screw since otherwise we will shoot
photo farting your engines price per kilo is
beautiful debian head game exploded to
change all that good so the trick one
little animated in the case there are two
m8 holes that are provided for to wedge
the tractors you will know how
I am manufactured but why does it
do a spell of quality of life
it
in such a mute and lay a
extractor actually it will have to push
a job we will put it in place
and
yeah that's good but like july
you put your creator in place me
if you can do it's really good
because going to see the engine opens
like a living standard book are not
under screw and then it will surely be a
little bit and 8.2 in the 2nd vice
at
and
hoedown
it is this good level
gold I am delighted to announce an extractor
of bangs for advantage is that the
point fr of the coup we have a lot more
force to maintain local festivals
costs on the bike like that if ever the
extractors and skips trial ever a
team to your son is there everything is a
goal and it's your engine but the
sleepwalk auxerre you will see the
engine giving words alone
domanick here we see they are moving away
and just enough network of friends from
crank
the box
here I am and there was more than
any car is good no really it
would do this engine that he was hope and
so you're going to have pucks
he's going to fall, but you have to fire that too
like that fucking death oil then
there you pay attention when I
now in our video had no lake
what goes here is often there
two washers said if I stick you in
our card a good one as I said in
our video big and small so that's it
they leave to part with
sin the old that the village was bad
in that the washer of the barrel also
of angola mix you can remove
your buddy he's still a box a
glued plastic box
So here we really lose the base
the thoriated rather say it was really
to the extractor I will not show you
how do we see engine sent is this
I do not need everyone
it's here you go
do what you have lived and I
do it again to close the case
with our homemade tool that I'm in
doing it I'm showing you that's it
so if you still have them
tutos suggestions are all ideas
bus bus settings for the death penalty
to requests and I will try to
to do but it's hard to do but
if I lose it it will really be the basis
the page of the base of the lost village that has
accustomed the main leaders is the
city ​​of riches that they be in a hurry
hard here are the guys